Pizza my Less Than 3
Pizza Delivery System
User Instructions
	By: Adam Blaine, Luke Coy, Jesse Jurman, Anshul Kapoor, and Shannon Trudeau
There are 2 packages necessary for the program to function.  A backend package and a NBGUI package.  This includes the entire backend as well as the gui.
The data folder which is zipped with the jar is also necessary because it houses the customer, account, store preferences, and order information.
In order to use you must run the jar.  

A login screen will appear.
    A manger logs in with:
        Username: manager
        Password: manager

    An employee logs in with:
        Username: cashier
        Password: cashier

The GUI uses a tabbed approach to improve navigability.
    Each tab deals with an aspect of the store which is clearly labeled.
    In order to start an order you must, Search a customer or add one to the database and use them when logging an order. 
    
In order for the search customer to work you must type in an existing customer.  If there is no customer in the system there will be no response from the system
and you must add a new customer.  Once added, you can start an order with them.  The Start order requires customer information to be added, then an order can be done.
Any items added to an order appear on a food list and when the order is completed you are taken to an order summary screen which okay is needed to be pressed in order for the order to be
processed and appear on the current order list.  Current order summary's text fields are not filled by information.  Edit order also does not currently work in the gui. 
Adding, deleting, and seeing accounts all work.  Once an account is added you can actually log into that recently created account and use it.  You must log out first though 
to save changes to the system.  

Current bugs include orders not disappearing from current order list once finished.
Missing functionality includes: employee, order summary, see reports, part of store preferences, and slight visibility within the customer search.

