Pizza my Less than 3 
Release 1 Summary

	Our project so far has gone very well.  While this document focuses on our flaws and where we can improve for further releases, it’s also worth mentioning the things we did well.  
We have hard working team members that will put in the time to get the job done.  Our documents are up to date and we used them to create a good base for our project.  
The code we have completed is high quality and 90% commented so that it is understandable by all members of the team.  
That being said, there were a lot of things that went wrong, and there are a lot of ways that we can improve.

	We started trying to set up SVN early, which was a good head start.  We set up our repository and had most computers working with SVN before Week 2.  
We had two big problems that effected how our project progressed.  Some people didn’t bring their laptops or didn’t have their main computers with them when we set up the first SVN meeting;
this caused problems because they didn’t remember all the steps, and had to take extra time to figure out why their system wasn’t working.  It would have been better for us to have all gotten the SVN working at the same time. 
That would have stopped any delays between writing code and figuring out how to commit it.  We still haven’t figured out what to do when files have conflicts inside the repository; this would save a lot of time and confusion.

	We have looked into threading and trying to figure out how it works.  Right now it is working fairly well.  However, we are having some problems, but that is to be expected when using a complex concept that’s fairly new to us.  
Even though the threading wasn’t fully functional for the first release, we are confident it will be done by the beta release.  
	
	
	Most of the functionality is complete [see below] and our data structures are all in place.  We have good classes and quality code, as well as up to date documents, which will allow us to transition smoothly from a command line interface to a graphical user interface.  
We were missing edit order, delete order, add account, edit account, and report functionality.  Most of this should be done in the near future; it got set aside to work on threading.  The report functionality might take a little longer to implement, but most of the methods are written. 
Most of our missing functionality for release one is just a matter of making that information available to the user.	  

	Our team in the beginning worked excellent, unfortunately, the work was not spread out evenly among all team members.  It’s important that we try to assign more tasks, instead of just taking things on.  
If we go through and assign tasks to people no one will be able to say “I didn’t know what to do” as an excuse.  Meeting attendance started high but got low fast.  Being late or leaving early became acceptable.  
When other events came up, the project was not a priority, which is a huge issue.  To fix this, we’ve changed our meeting time for everyone now that our schedules have changed over the course of the quarter.  
We also split our groups into two parts, GUI and back-end.  These two groups will also have additional separate meetings.  This way we can meet more often with the people we need to, and not have to worry about matching the schedules of five people.  

	At the beginning of the project, work done outside of meetings and class were not a priority.  This led to missing deadlines, and falling behind so that week 5 came and we had barely started coding.  This was a problem because we still had a lot to think about, and a lot to code out.  
Lots of long nights and stress before R1 was not ideal.  Hopefully for R2 we will be able to spread out our time more, and take deadlines more seriously at all times so that things are actually done.  

	Overall there were lots of small issues in the team which caused a lot of hectic work near the end of R1.  Now that we have targeted our weaknesses as a team, we can use the strategies explained above to improve our situation and help us work better as a team.

